Today we show you how to make a healthy oat milk
Pour a cup of oatmeal in 6 cups of hot water a small teaspoon of salt
2 crusts of orange or lemon in this case we have used orange
and a cinnamon stick
When it reaches a boil, let it simmer for about 20 minutes
stirring from time to time there is no need to worry about the foam that is
it's forming, it's normal
Remove carefully so that the cinnamon stick does not break
and the orange peels spill everything in a masher or Chinese
while Enrique crushes it.
We went through a colander Mila is helping with circular movements
when it is cold we put it with the help of a funnel in the final container
and can you
Hold up to 3 days in the fridge and that's how it looks, we hope you like it
and HEALTH FOR ALL!